---
title: "Writing Samples"
---

These are examples of older and current work. Some are online and related links will take you to that content.

## Ad tech documentation

These are some examples of documentation from my experience working in the ad tech industry.

These three articles on budget distribution and updates work together. They help help explain and address customer concerns about why an ad serving system didn't seem to deliver ads immedately, as soon as a campaign budget was available.

- Start with [Budget Distribution and Update Cycles](budget-updates.md), which describes how budget data moves through the ad serving stack.

- Next, [Understanding Budget Distrubution in Data Centers](budget-distribution.md) explains how the effectiveness of an ad campaign affects how advertising budget is spread across data centers.

- Finally, [Budget Updates and Delivery Delays](budget-delay.md) explains how to force a budget update across different ad servers.

The article [Confidence Scores and Report Results](confidence-scores.md) covers how scores in a device graph help determine if different devices belong to an individual or a household.

## Robotics documentation

All of my current robotics work is online at <https://docs.opentrons.com/>. Featured examples are summarized below:

The [Opentrons Flex Instruction Manual](https://docs.opentrons.com/flex/): This is the manual for Opentrons' flagship liquid handling robot. The manual is an ongoing collaborative effort with contributions from the entire writing team. For a specific examples as an individual contributor, see:

- [Unboxing](https://docs.opentrons.com/flex/installation/unboxing/), is a task article that explains how to setup a new Flex robot.

- [Flex Log Files](https://docs.opentrons.com/flex/advanced-operation/log-files/), is a concept and task article that explains the purpose of the different log files generated by the robot and how to download them.

- [Command Line Operation Over SSH](https://docs.opentrons.com/flex/advanced-operation/command-line/) is another concept and task article that explains how to make a secure-socket connection to a Flex robot.

- [Hardware modules](https/docs.opentrons.com/modules/) is a resource that provides documentation for all of the different hardware components you can use to extend the capabilities of the Flex robot. 
